AUTHORS: Chase Feng, Madeline Estey, Jake Lee
DATE: December 2021


DESCRIPTION:
A command line two-player Chess game built with C++. Taking turns, each player inputs his
or her move, where all moves under the standard rules of chess are allowed (excluding
castling and en passant moves). Games can be played until there is a checkmate or a stalemate,
and unfinished games can be loaded or saved from .txt files.

The program relies upon principles of object-oriented programming (see UML Diagram in
chessUML.png). There is a Game class, a Board class, and a Piece class. A game has a
board, and a board has pieces. Then, the kings, queens, rooks, etc (the chess pieces) are
children of an abstract piece (is-a relationship). As each piece has different functionalities
(i.e. movements, capture forms, promotions, etc.), child classes inherit certain functions and
override others. 


INSTRUCTIONS: 
Users should compile the program using the given Makefile, then run it by running the chess executable. 

Once the program is running, a chess game using the default chess board is created, and the user is
presented with a list of possible actions as follows:

1. ? - display the list of actions.
2. Q - quit the game.
3. L <filename> - load a game from the specified file.
4. S <filename> - save the current game to the specified file.
5. M <move> - try to make the specified move, where <move> is a four-character string giving the
   column ('A'-'H') (must be an upper case to be valid!) and row ('1'-'8') of the start position, followed
   by the column and row of the end position.
   
Before the user selects an action, the current state of the board is presented to the user on standard
output. The user can repeatedly enter one of the above action specifiers until the program ends, which
happens when the game reaches checkmate or stalemate, or the user elects to quit.


PROJECT NOTES:
This project was submitted as the Final Project for Intermediate Programming (EN.601.220) at Johns Hopkins
University.

Team Project Grade: A+ 
Individual Course Grade: A
